*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70627 ***






  Transcriber’s Note
  Italic text displayed as: _italic_




[Illustration:

  This little book
  is from the library of

  [Illustration: Rabbit holding hat]

  __________________
  __________________
  __________________

  When you have read, and laughed with glee
  Please bring this book right back to me.
]




  UNCLE WIGGILY’S
  JUNE BUG FRIENDS

  or

  HOW THE JUNE BUGS BROUGHT JOY TO UNCLE WIGGILY;
  AND THE SKILLERY SCALLERY ALLIGATOR ALSO
  HOW UNCLE WIGGILY PICKED SOME FLOWERS

  [Illustration: Uncle Wiggily running]

  TEXT BY
  HOWARD R. GARIS
  Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

  PICTURED BY
  LANG CAMPBELL

  NEWARK, N. J.
  CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
  NEW YORK




IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.


So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal
shovel away from the gas stove, you may read

   1 UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.
   2 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.
   3 UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.
   4 UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.
   5 UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.
   6 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.
   7 UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.
   8 UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.
   9 UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.
  10 UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.
  11 UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.
  12 UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.
  13 UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.
  14 UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.
  15 UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.
  16 UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.
  17 UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.
  18 UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration:

  _Uncle Wiggily_(signature)         HIS MARK
]


  _Made in U. S. A._

  Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
  Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924 Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark, N. J.,
    and New York.


[Illustration: June bug]


One evening, after Uncle Wiggily, the nice bunny rabbit gentleman,
had been out all day, looking in the woods for adventures, he came
home to his hollow stump bungalow. He and Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy sat
down to read. It was a warm night and the window was open. All of a
sudden there was a loud buzzing sound in the room. “What’s that?”
asked Uncle Wiggily, looking over his glasses. “Oh, it’s a big June
Bug!” cried Nurse Jane. “The largest I have even seen! Oh, if it gets
tangled in my hair I’ll never get it out!”

[Illustration: June bug]

“Nonsense, Nurse Jane! A June Bug cannot harm you,” said Uncle
Wiggily. But the muskrat lady grew very excited. She stood up on a
chair and flapped her paper at the Bug. Uncle Wiggily took his tall
silk hat in one paw and the tea strainer in the other and said he
would catch the buzzing creature and let him sleep in the pansy bed.
“There’s no harm in him,” said the bunny, “and who knows when you
may want a June Bug to do you a favor?” After a while Uncle Wiggily
caught the insect and gently put him to bed.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily with Nannie and Billie]

The next day, after Uncle Wiggily had been so kind to the June Bug,
putting him in the pansy bed, the rabbit gentleman was out walking
in the woods with Nannie and Billie Wagtail, the two goat children.
“Tell us more about the funny June Bug, Uncle Wiggily,” bleated
Billie. “He was funny, but Nurse Jane was afraid of him,” said Uncle
Wiggily, laughing. “I caught him in the tea strainer and gave him
some sugar. He said he would do me a favor some day, if he could. But
wait a minute. That looks like danger ahead!”

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily with Nannie and Billie]

Uncle Wiggily, Nannie and Billie Wagtail came to a stop just at the
edge where some sticks were criss-crossed on the woodland path.
The bunny thought it was a trap and it was. All of a sudden Uncle
Wiggily, Billie and Nannie fell into a deep pit which the bad
Bazumpus had dug, hoping to catch the bunny. “Oh, dear!” bleated the
little goat girl. “If ever we wanted help it is now! Where is that
June Bug, Uncle Wiggily?” Billie tried to scramble out by digging his
horns in the side of the pit, but could not. Oh, what trouble!

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily with Nannie and Billie]

After Uncle Wiggily, Billie and Nannie had tried to get out of the
pit, only to find themselves slipping back all the while, they
suddenly heard a buzzing sound up above them, and there was the June
Bug. “I want to thank you again, Uncle Wiggily, for being so kind to
me last night,” buzzed the Bug. “I saw you fall into this pit, as I
was flying away from your bungalow a little while ago. Now I am going
to help you out.” Billie Wagtail shook his horns. “I don’t see how
even a big June Bug can help us,” he said. “Oh, dear!”

[Illustration: Lots of June bugs]

After the June Bug had looked down in the pit the Bazumpus had dug,
the insect flew away, saying: “I’ll soon be back with a lot of my
sisters, brothers, cousins, uncles and aunts, and we’ll get you out
of the pit, Uncle Wiggily.” The bunny said that would be very kind.
So the June Bug fluttered his wings and whistled on his hind legs
and hundreds of other bugs buzzed up to see what was the matter. “We
must make a ladder of grass stems so Uncle Wiggily can get out of the
pit,” said the big June Bug.

[Illustration: June bugs left Uncle Wiggily]

Buzzing their wings, and weaving with their legs, the kind June Bugs
soon made a long, strong grass ladder. “Now,” said the big June Bug,
“we will carry it to the pit, lower it down, fasten the upper end to
a tree, and Uncle Wiggily, Nannie and Billie can climb out.” The bad
old Bazumpus, and his club, by which he hoped to knock some souse
off Uncle Wiggily’s ears, saw the bugs marching along with the grass
ladder. “I wonder what they are going to do?” thought the bad chap.
“I must watch and see.”

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily and goat children]

Reaching the pit, in which were Uncle Wiggily and the goat children,
the June Bugs fastened the ladder so it would not slip, and tossed
the other end down in the hole. Then Nannie and Billie climbed up,
and then it was Uncle Wiggily’s turn. “See, Billie, I told you a June
Bug could help us,” said the bunny gentleman, as he got to the top
of the pit. “But who dug that hole?” asked Mr. Longears. “It was the
Bazumpus!” buzzed the largest June Bug. “Yes, and there he is now!”
cried Nannie, as she saw the bad creature. “Look!”

[Illustration:

  LANG
  CAMPBELL
  6-6-20
]

As soon as the rabbit was safely out of the pit, the biggest June Bug
cried: “Now, my friends, since we have saved Uncle Wiggily and paid
him back for the favor he did me, chase the Bazumpus!” And all the
Bugs chased the bad chap, tickling him with long spears of grass so
that he ran away as fast as he could go. Nannie and Billie danced for
joy because their bunny uncle was saved, and Mr. Longears shook paws
with the big June Bug and invited him to come to dinner that day. So
everybody was happy but the Bazumpus.

  And if the Ironing board doesn’t jump on the back of the horse
  radish, and ride into the blue water of the laundry tubs, the next
  pictures and story will tell how

[Illustration: Alligator wearing paint can]

  UNCLE WIGGILY PAINTED HIS BUNGALOW: SEE THE LADDER SLIP! SEE THE
  LADDER FALL! BUT DEAR OLD UNCLE WIGGILY WAS SCARCELY SCRATCHED AT
  ALL! BUT THE ALLIGATOR! OH MY!

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily on ladder painting]

“Nurse Jane ought to like the bungalow much better after I paint it
sky blue pink,” said Uncle Wiggily as he stood on a ladder putting
some dabs of color on his hollow stump house. “I hope nothing happens
when I am up here. If I should fall in the pots of paints I’d look
like some scrambled Easter eggs.” Uncle Wiggily had used up nearly
all the color in one pot when he saw Billie Wagtail, the goat, and
Jackie and Peetie Bow Wow coming along. “I’ll ask one of them to hand
me another pot of paint,” said the bunny.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily on ladder with goat]

“Hello, boys!” called Uncle Wiggily, as Billie, Jackie and Peetie
came near. “Will one of you please hand me up another pot of red
paint? My can is almost empty.” Billie the goat said he’d bring up
some red paint, but, instead, just for a joke, he took up some green
paint to Uncle Wiggily. “Won’t he be surprised when he starts daubing
green paint over where he put the red,” said Jackie to Peetie. “It
will be a good joke,” agreed Peetie. “But I hope he doesn’t get mad
at us.”

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily with green paint]

Uncle Wiggily was so busy talking to Billie, Jackie and Peetie that
the bunny rabbit never noticed the color of the paint the goat boy
handed up to him. And, before he knew it, Mr. Longears had daubed
some green color on where it ought to have been red. “Oh my! Nurse
Jane will not like this a bit!” cried Uncle Wiggily. “I did it for a
joke!” laughed Billie. “Wait a minute and I’ll hand you up the right
color.” Nearer and nearer came the skillery-scallery alligator.

[Illustration: Alligator trying to get Uncle Wiggily]

All of a sudden, as Billie was getting ready to take up the right pot
of red paint, up rushed the funny old skillery scallery alligator,
with the double jointed tail. “Ah ha, Mr. Longears! At last I have
you!” cried the ’gator. “Come down off that ladder until I nibble a
bit of your souse!” Uncle Wiggily was so surprised that he spilled
some paint on Jackie, Peetie and Billie. But still the bunny rabbit
gentleman would not come down to have his souse nibbled.

[Illustration: Alligator lifts ladder]

“Well, if you won’t come down nice and pretty when I tell you to, so
I may have some of your souse, I’ll make you tumble!” said the bad
’gator to Uncle Wiggily. Then the unpleasant chap yanked the ladder
out from the side of the hollow stump bungalow and the bunny rabbit
gentleman began to fall. “Oh, I am almost sure I am going to have an
adventure this time!” cried Uncle Wiggily. “Something is going to
happen!” And Billie, Jackie and Peetie thought the same thing.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily ends up in a tree]

The skillery scallery alligator pulled the ladder so hard, hoping to
make Uncle Wiggily fall, that the ladder toppled into a tree near by.
Uncle Wiggily gave a jump and landed on one of the branches. “Are
you coming down out of that and let me nibble your souse?” asked the
snippy-snappy ’gator. Uncle Wiggily said he was not. “Then with my
rough nutmeg grater tail I’ll saw down the tree and get you anyhow,”
snarled the bad chap. “I’ll saw the tree down and get your souse!”

[Illustration: Alligator sawing tree]

“Indeed I am not coming down and let you have any of my souse!” said
Uncle Wiggily to the bad ’gator at the foot of the tree. “Very well
then, now I’ll begin to saw!” gargled the bad chap. So with his tail,
which was just like a saw, he began to cut down the tree. “Oh, we
must save Uncle Wiggily!” whispered Billie the goat. “Yes, but how
can we?” asked Jackie. “I know,” barked Peetie. “We’ll paint the
alligator’s tail red, and he’ll think he has the nose-bleed!”

[Illustration: Alligator gets painted]

All of a sudden, when the alligator had the tree almost sawed
through, and it was beginning to fall with Uncle Wiggily in it, the
three animal boys rushed up with their pots of paint. “Splatter him
good!” barked Jackie, and he and Peetie and Billie splashed different
kinds of paint on the bad ’gator. “Oh my goodness me!” grunted the
skillery scallery chap. “This will spoil my complexion! This is no
place for me! I’ll get Uncle Wiggily’s souse some other time, I
guess.”

[Illustration:

  LANG CAMPBELL
  7-25-20
]

Jackie, Peetie and Billie splashed so much paint on the ’gator, even
putting some in his eyes, that the bad chap was glad enough to run
away. He looked like a broken piece of the rainbow. Uncle Wiggily
easily got down out of the fallen tree, and he felt so happy, at
saving his souse, that he danced a jig around the paint pots with the
doggies and the goat. “Well I never!” exclaimed Nurse Jane. “This is
a funny way to paint a red bungalow green, Uncle Wiggily!” But the
bunny gentlemen only laughed.

  And if the slice of bread doesn’t try to jump out from under the
  butter, and let the jam fall on the table cloth, the next pictures
  and story will tell how

[Illustration: Pig selling roses]

  UNCLE WIGGILY PICKED SOME MAY FLOWERS. HE DIDN’T KNOW WHERE THEY
  CAME FROM, BUT THE ANIMAL BOYS DID. OH, WHAT A SHAME! JUST LOOK!

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily visits Wibblewobble]

One day Uncle Wiggily Longears stopped at the home of Mrs.
Wibblewobble, the duck lady. Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy had asked the
bunny gentleman to call and return an egg she had borrowed. Uncle
Wiggily found Mrs. Littletail, the rabbit, Mrs. Bushytail, the
squirrel, Mrs. Bow Wow, the dog lady, and Mrs. Kat, the pussy lady,
at Mrs. Wibblewobble’s house. “Is this a party?” asked Uncle Wiggily.
“Oh, no,” said Mrs. Wibblewobble, “but I could make it one if I had a
few nice May blossoms.” Uncle Wiggily said he’d get some.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily looking for May flowers]

Uncle Wiggily went into the early, green spring woods. He began
looking at the ground. Pretty soon he met Jimmie Wibblewobble, the
duck, and Curly and Floppy Twistytail, the two piggie boys. “What are
you looking for, Uncle Wiggily?” asked Floppy. “For some nice May
flowers to make pretty bouquets so Mrs. Wibblewobble can have them
for her little reception party,” answered the bunny. “But, boys, I am
sorry to say I haven’t yet found a single blossom.” The animal boys
felt sad for Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration: Pigs and duck]

“Hey, fellows, I know how we can have some fun!” quacked Jimmie the
duck. “How?” asked Curly, while Floppy balanced a stick and a leaf
on the end of his nose, like a juggler in the circus. “Uncle Wiggily
will never find any flowers in the woods. It is too early,” said
Jimmie. “But near my house are a lot of ladies hats, with some dandy
flowers on. We could take some off, plant ’em in the woods where
Uncle Wiggily would find them and then he’d be happy.” The two piggie
boys said that would be fun. Now let’s see.

[Illustration: Pigs and duck]

Jimmie Wibblewobble, the duck boy, meaning no harm, of course, led
Curly and Floppy back to his house. Mrs. Wibblewobble and her animal
lady friends were so busy talking that they did not notice what the
boys did. The boys began pulling the pretty blossoms off the hats.
“We’ll stick them in the ground among the trees, and lead Uncle
Wiggily to them,” quacked Jimmie. “He’ll think they’re real blossoms
and he’ll pick a big bouquet.” Floppy laughed and Curly said: “We
ought to put perfume on ’em and make ’em smell.”

[Illustration: Pigs and duck]

After Jimmie, Curly and Floppy had pulled from the ladies’ hats
as many of the make-believe flowers as they wanted, the animal
boys hurried off to the woods again. “I’ll get my mother’s perfume
atomizer bottle and we’ll make the flowers smell as sweet as real
ones,” grunted Floppy. And in the picture you see how the animal
chaps planted the artificial flowers in the green moss of the woods.
Floppy sprayed some lovely perfume over them, so that they smelled
just as real as anything. Meanwhile Uncle Wiggily was out of luck.

[Illustration: Rabbit, pigs, and duck]

After Jimmie the duck, and the two piggie boys had planted the
make-believe flowers, and had sprayed them with perfume, they ran
off through the trees and found Uncle Wiggily. “Oh, come with us!”
quacked Jimmie. “We know where there are some lovely flowers you
can pick for the reception party at my house!” “It is very kind of
you boys,” said the rabbit gentleman. “I have been looking all over
for May flowers, but could not find any.” And when Jimmy, Curly and
Floppy pointed to the blossoms the bunny felt very jolly.

[Illustration: Rabbit, pigs, and duck]

Uncle Wiggily began picking a bouquet of what he thought were real
flowers for Mrs. Wibblewobble. He filled one paw with a big bunch
of the artificial blossoms. “How nice and sweet they smell!” said
the bunny, holding a rose to his nose. “We are glad you like them,”
quacked Jimmie, politely. “Don’t let Uncle Wiggily see that perfume
bottle, Floppy!” grunted Curly in a whisper. Floppy hid the atomizer
behind his back and Uncle Wiggily kept on picking flowers. All this
while Mrs. Wibblewobble and the ladies were talking.

[Illustration: Uncle Wiggily with flowers]

After Uncle Wiggily had picked a big bouquet of what he thought were
sweet-smelling May flowers, he took them to Mrs. Wibblewobble. The
ladies were still talking. “Please accept these May posies which I
picked in the woods for you, Mrs. Wibblewobble,” said Uncle Wiggily
with a polite bow. “Oh, how lovely and kind of you!” quacked the duck
lady, as she took the blossoms. “And how lovely they smell. Just like
perfume!” All of a sudden Mrs. Littletail looked out in the room
where the hats had been left. Oh, dear!

[Illustration:

  LANG CAMPBELL
  5-2-20
]

“Oh, Uncle Wiggily!” quacked Mrs. Wibblewobble, as she looked at
her hat. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily! How could you be so cruel?” The bunny
gentleman did not know what to say. Just then Mrs. Littletail saw
the animals running away. “Did they show you where to get the May
flowers, Uncle Wiggily?” asked the rabbit lady. “Yes,” answered Mr.
Longears. “Oh, the little rascals!” quacked Mrs. Wibblewobble. “It
wasn’t Uncle Wiggily’s fault at all, and we can sew the flowers back
on our hats.” And this they did.

[Illustration: When you have finished reading this nice little book,
perhaps you would like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle
Wiggily Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in and
31 stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store man
has none of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct to
the Publishers,

  A. L. BURT COMPANY.
  114 EAST 23rd STREET
  NEW YORK CITY
]



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 70627 ***
